{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14480\viewh19800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 WMDD 4815 Midterm Instructions\

\i\b0 \
This exam is out of 10\'97with the possibility of 5 bonus marks.\
\
You can use your notes or the Internet. You can and should use the html & css validators.  \
\
If you talk, email or text to anyone, you will receive a grade of \'93zero\'94.\
\
\

\i0 Included with these files is a ScreenShots.pdf file. To view the screenshots adequately, open this file in Preview and go View > Zoom To Fit.\
\
You will edit the index.html file (and make a stylesheet file) to create a responsive page. \
\
Under 720px it will look like the layout in the 
\b PhoneSize
\b0  screenshot. \
\
The layout above 720px must conform to the layout in
\b  one
\b0  of the 
\b Desktop
\b0  layout screenshots: \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}PassingMarks, or\
{\listtext	\'95	}FullMarks, or \
{\listtext	\'95	}BonusMarks.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
In the supplied PDF file, these layouts are the first three pages, in order. The phone size is on the last page of the PDF. \
\

\i Don\'92t worry about any middle (i.e. TABLET) queries.
\i0  \
\

\b I will test your results in Google Chrome.
\b0  
\b Do not worry about any other browser in this test.\

\b0 \

\b There will be slight differences between the screenshots (one has one less icon), and the icons files will look slightly different from the icon fonts I used: don\'92t worry about it.
\b0 \
\
You can use the fluid_grid.css and normalize.css files if you want. They are supplied in the download. Or you can make the layout values yourself, and not use the fluid_grid file.
\b \

\b0 \

\b DETAILS COMMON TO ALL THE LAYOUTS\

\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}The site name (header h1 and footer h1) font is a Google font called SYNCOPATE, font-weight 700. \
{\listtext	\'95	}All other text in the document is Georgia, with appropriate fallback fonts. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Images will need to scale as the browser width changes. Images are supplied. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Use ALT = \'93 \'93  (a blank space) with the images. That way, you\'92ll be able to use the validator without missing ALT content being flagged.\
{\listtext	\'95	}I\'92ve used \'93Greek Text\'94 for most of the exercise, but mark the text up semantically.  Obviously in the the first row, where there\'92s the four images, LOREM IPSUM DOLOR is a heading of some sort. Similarly, the first sentence about the mass shootings is also a heading of some sort.\
{\listtext	\'95	}I\'92ve given you some HTML, but you will have to add a lot more.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Comments in the HTML file contain instructions about which image to use where, etc.\
{\listtext	\'95	}In the phone layout, make sure that no text touches the edge of the screen, but that the images all do.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
These images\'92 dimensions are bigger than ones I would use in a production site, but this is just a mockup, so that isn\'92t important here.\

\b \
DETAILS OF THE PASSING MARKS SCREENSHOT\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}There is no banner area.
\b \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	\'95	}The three articles near the bottom (church image) do not go up beside the bridge / mass shooting article.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The text in the bridge / mass shooting article is approximately twice the font-size of other text on the page.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 The whole content area is centered and never gets wider than 1200px.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
DETAILS OF THE FULL MARKS SCREENSHOT\

\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}There is no banner area.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The three articles at the bottom of the document go beside the bridge / mass shooting article\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 The type in the bridge / mass shooting article is smaller than it is in the PASSING MARKS screenshot\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 The whole content area is centered and never gets wider than 1200px.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
DETAILS OF THE BONUS MARKS SCREENSHOT\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}This has all the features of the FULL MARKS screenshot, and adds a BANNER area and image.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The banner area black background goes all the way across the browser window, regardless of window width. \
{\listtext	\'95	}The image inside the banner is called 
\i toronto-subway-cropped.jpg. 
\i0 It is always centered horizontally. The image shrinks with its container, but never gets wider than 1600px.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The areas outside the banner area never get wider than 1200px. 
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
When done, rename the folder with the word MIDTERM and YOUR NAME. Then hand that folder into studentshare.\
\
MARKS BREAKDOWN: 40% for phone, 60% for desktop}