{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18720\viewh13800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b WMDD 4815 Final Exam April 2017\
\

\b0  In this exam, you will build a single page layout. You can use any resource: notes, internet, etc. \

\b \
\

\fs54 However, if you talk or look at someone else\'92s computer screen, you will be asked to leave and will receive a zero mark for the exam.
\fs24 \
\

\b0 \
In this folder, you will find an index.html file, a folder of images, and a folder of screenshots.\
\
The index.html file has a header, a simple menu, and a number of stories. Each story is a combination of a feature image, a heading, and a paragraph or two.\
\
You are free to edit the HTML file if needed.\
\
\
There are a number of SECTIONS. Each section contains a heading and three stories.\
\
Your task here is to produce the three responsive layouts and typography shown in the screenshots: small, medium, and large.\
\
In the large layout, the main content area never gets wider than 1200px. It is centered in the window.\
\
\
The font for the story titles is the Google font \'93Cutive Mono.\'94 The rest is GEORGIA. \
\
I will leave you to figure out the colors used. Please get as close as possible.\
\
If you open the screenshots in Preview, go View < Actual Size to see a larger view. Pay close attention to details.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\i One final suggestion: from time to time, make a backup of your project, in case you try something that doesn\'92t work and you can\'92t quickly figure out how to recover from the problem. The easiest way to do this on a Mac is to option-drag your folder. Or you can right-click and choose DUPLICATE.
\i0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs76 \cf0 You have two and one-half hours. \
\
When you are done, hand in your exam to your \'93hand in\'94 folder on studentshare.}